docs/quickstart.rst, before:

Quick start
=================

At first you have to import all necessary modules

.. code:: python

    from pynear.account import Account

Then you have to initialize `Account`


.. code:: python

    ACCOUNT_ID = "bob.near"
    PRIVATE_KEY = "ed25519:..."

    acc = Account(ACCOUNT_ID, PRIVATE_KEY)


Next step: check account balance

.. code:: python

    import asyncio
    from pynear.dapps.core import NEAR

    async def main():
        await acc.startup()
        print(await acc.get_balance() / NEAR)
        print(await acc.get_balance("bob.near") / NEAR)

    asyncio.run(main())


Next step: send 2 NEAR to `bob.near`

.. code:: python

    tr = await acc.send_money("bob.near", NEAR * 2)
    print(tr.transaction.hash)
    print(tr.logs)

Next step: send 2 NEAR to `bob.near` no waiting for transaction confirmation

.. code:: python

    transaction_hash = await acc.send_money("bob.near", NEAR * 2, nowait=True)
    print(transaction_hash)


Next step: send 0.1 NEAR by phone number

.. code:: python

    tr = await acc.phone.send_near_to_phone("+15626200110", NEAR // 10)
    print(tr.transaction.hash)

Summary
----------------

.. code:: python

    from pynear.account import Account
    import asyncio
    from pynear.dapps.core import NEAR

    ACCOUNT_ID = "bob.near"
    PRIVATE_KEY = "ed25519:..."

    async def main():
        acc = Account(ACCOUNT_ID, PRIVATE_KEY)

        await acc.startup()
        print(await acc.get_balance() / NEAR)
        print(await acc.get_balance("bob.near") / NEAR)

        tr = await acc.send_money("bob.near", NEAR * 2)
        print(tr.transaction.hash)
        print(tr.logs)

        tr = await acc.phone.send_near_to_phone("+15626200911", NEAR // 10)
        print(tr.transaction.hash)

    asyncio.run(main())



Parallel requests
-----------------

Only one parallel request can be made from one private key.
All transaction calls execute sequentially.
To make several parallel calls you need to use several private keys


Add 2 new full access keys:

.. code:: python

    acc = Account("bob.near", private_key1)

    for i in range(2):
        signer = InMemorySigner.from_random(AccountId("bob.near"), KeyType.ED25519)
        await acc.add_full_access_public_key(str(signer.public_key))
        print(signer.secret_key)


Now we can call transactions in parallel

.. code:: python

    acc = Account("bob.near", [private_key1, private_key2, private_key3])
    # request time = count transactions / count public keys
    tasks = [
        asyncio.create_task(acc.send_money("alisa.near", 1)),
        asyncio.create_task(acc.send_money("alisa.near", 1)),
        asyncio.create_task(acc.send_money("alisa.near", 1)),
    ]
    for t in task:
        await t

Commit message:

changed pynear to py_near

docs/quickstart.rst, after:

Quick start
=================

At first you have to import all necessary modules

.. code:: python

    from py_near.account import Account

Then you have to initialize `Account`


.. code:: python

    ACCOUNT_ID = "bob.near"
    PRIVATE_KEY = "ed25519:..."

    acc = Account(ACCOUNT_ID, PRIVATE_KEY)


Next step: check account balance

.. code:: python

    import asyncio
    from py_near.dapps.core import NEAR

    async def main():
        await acc.startup()
        print(await acc.get_balance() / NEAR)
        print(await acc.get_balance("bob.near") / NEAR)

    asyncio.run(main())


Next step: send 2 NEAR to `bob.near`

.. code:: python

    tr = await acc.send_money("bob.near", NEAR * 2)
    print(tr.transaction.hash)
    print(tr.logs)

Next step: send 2 NEAR to `bob.near` no waiting for transaction confirmation

.. code:: python

    transaction_hash = await acc.send_money("bob.near", NEAR * 2, nowait=True)
    print(transaction_hash)


Next step: send 0.1 NEAR by phone number

.. code:: python

    tr = await acc.phone.send_near_to_phone("+15626200110", NEAR // 10)
    print(tr.transaction.hash)

Summary
----------------

.. code:: python

    from py_near.account import Account
    import asyncio
    from py_near.dapps.core import NEAR

    ACCOUNT_ID = "bob.near"
    PRIVATE_KEY = "ed25519:..."

    async def main():
        acc = Account(ACCOUNT_ID, PRIVATE_KEY)

        await acc.startup()
        print(await acc.get_balance() / NEAR)
        print(await acc.get_balance("bob.near") / NEAR)

        tr = await acc.send_money("bob.near", NEAR * 2)
        print(tr.transaction.hash)
        print(tr.logs)

        tr = await acc.phone.send_near_to_phone("+15626200911", NEAR // 10)
        print(tr.transaction.hash)

    asyncio.run(main())



Parallel requests
-----------------

Only one parallel request can be made from one private key.
All transaction calls execute sequentially.
To make several parallel calls you need to use several private keys


Add 2 new full access keys:

.. code:: python

    acc = Account("bob.near", private_key1)

    for i in range(2):
        signer = InMemorySigner.from_random(AccountId("bob.near"), KeyType.ED25519)
        await acc.add_full_access_public_key(str(signer.public_key))
        print(signer.secret_key)


Now we can call transactions in parallel

.. code:: python

    acc = Account("bob.near", [private_key1, private_key2, private_key3])
    # request time = count transactions / count public keys
    tasks = [
        asyncio.create_task(acc.send_money("alisa.near", 1)),
        asyncio.create_task(acc.send_money("alisa.near", 1)),
        asyncio.create_task(acc.send_money("alisa.near", 1)),
    ]
    for t in task:
        await t
